I don’t know who the original owner likes.
I carry the statue with me every day.
He looks so much like Su Qingyu.
I want to listen to Su Qingyu first.
Say who you like doesn't mean you like this kind of man.
Madam, what do you want first?
As expected, you still care about me the most and are still giving me Macao.
I'm just making my promise online
There is only half a year left before the time we two agreed.
I have to hurry up and be reasonable with me.
You just want to be reasonable with me.
Why?
Because it’s only reasonable!
I am now with the person I like
life and death
What is there to like about this hateful thing?
That's it
Is there a way to actually do it?
I seem to be having an attack again, no, no, no
This is the only time I have an attack
Madam, I'm afraid it's unreasonable
Then please die quickly, alone.